The society has been dramatically changed with the evolution of technology. Before the advent of modern day technology, life was burdensome
and everyday chores consumed too much of our time. Immense opportunities are being provided by technologies which play an important role in human life.
The access to education, same phrase medicine, industry, transportation etc. has been simplified due to modern day technology.
Due to the convenience and efficiency provided by technology, our lives have improved significantly. There used to be a time when executing a simple task
like doing laundry would take most of the day. Thanks to modern technology, a lot of burden has been lifted up from our shoulders and we have more time and
energy to do what we want to.

With so many advantages and comfort, come the disadvantages too. Technology is being used imprudently these days resulting in affecting the society
negatively and complicating our lives. Relationship with family members is being weakened due to excessive involvement with various devices.
Although in a few cases, parents resort to technology to communicate with their children and know about their whereabouts but this is not adequate always.
Technology has made access to education easier but it is also resulting in weakening the memories of people. Usage of text language often is having dire
consequences on students. They fail to spell words correctly or write fully grammatically correct sentences.

same phrase sdfg sf gsd f
Modern technology also poses serious health problems. People are sleep deprived nowadays since taking their eyes off their phone or laptop screens become a
near to impossible task. This leads to problems in vision, cancer, obesity etc. We have become lazier. We prefer to sitting, playing games or listening to
music instead of walking or going outdoor or performing any work which requires physical activity.

Modes of transportation has increased the ease of access but has also increased the amount of pollution. Due to technology, a broad range of options have
become accessible to people. Technology has also benefitted people with special needs by providing them with hearing aids, text readers, special chairs etc.
Now they too can enjoy daily life without having to think about their disabilities.

As a conclusion, same phrase there are several positive impacts of technology on our lives but there are several downsides too. We cannot abandon technology now but we
can ensure not to let it control us.